Docs: unsupported floating grids in asymmetric calculations (#1367)
PowerGridModel/power-grid-model: docs/algorithms/sc-algorithms.md

This gives the initial symmetrical short circuit current ($I_k^{\prime\prime}$) for a fault.
This quantity is then used to derive almost all further calculations of short circuit studies applications.

```{note}
Short-circuit calculations are currently implemented in the phase (abc) domain and therefore require a grounded network, similar to asymmetric power flow calculations.

> A future implementation using the sequence (0-1-2) domain is expected to remove this limitation.

Reviewer: maybe?
```suggestion
A potential future implementation using the sequence (0-1-2) domain is expected to remove this limitation.
```

Author: @nitbharambe how do you think?

Reviewer 2: Its not in PGM's design to have a sequence domain implementation, hence removing this statement in is the way to go. Just the first statement is alright.

> A potential implementation using the sequence (0-1-2) domain is expected to remove this limitation.

Reviewer 3: Would it be a good idea to create an issue (to implement using the sequence domain) and reference it here? That way if it gets any traction we can think about implementing it in the future? This because, as far as I know, it isn't in our roadmap at all.

> A potential implementation using the sequence (0-1-2) domain is expected to remove this limitation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that this limitation does not exist in the sequence (0-1-2) domain but is present in the phase domain calculation.
```
